PieChart component (#148)
propeldata/ui-kit: app/storybook/documentation/ui-kit/components/PieChart.mdx

import { ArgTypes, Meta } from '@storybook/blocks'
import LinkTo from '@storybook/addon-links/react'
import { prettier } from '../../../src/utils'
import { SourceCode } from '../../../.storybook/blocks/SourceCode'
import * as PieChartStories from '../../../../../packages/ui-kit/src/components/PieChart/PieChart.stories'
import * as PieChartQueryPropsStories from '../../../../../packages/ui-kit/src/components/PieChart/PieChartQueryProps.stories'
import * as PieChartPropsStories from '../../../../../packages/ui-kit/src/components/PieChart/PieChartProps.stories'

<Meta title="Components/PieChart" of={PieChartStories} />

# PieChart overview

> PieChart component is designed to create Propel PieChart metric visualizations for your front-end
> applications. With two props in Static mode, `headers` and `rows`, the PieChart component provides a simple way to
> display your data.

Reviewer: Not 100% sure about the copy here. I revised it to be a little more similar to the Counter overview; however, I also noticed that in the Counter overview, we link to studio.apollographql.com, which does not load unless logged in. We need to replace such URLs. I've opened https://github.com/propeldata/ui-kit/pull/154 for that.

```suggestion
The PieChart component is designed to create pie chart (AKA doughnut chart) visualizations for your front-end
applications. With two props in Static mode, `headers` and `rows`, the PieChart component provides a simple way to
display your data. If you
opt for the Connected mode, the component will accept the `query` prop, which loads the data automatically using Propel's GraphQL API.
```

> If you opt for the Connected mode, the component will accept the `query` prop, which loads the data automatically using Propel's GraphQL API.

Reviewer 2: I think it's important to also mention that for now the PieChart component supports only one dimension
